Ansible modules for PowerFlex version 2.3.0 (#46)
dell/ansible-powerflex: CHANGELOG.rst

.. contents:: Topics

v2.3.0
======

Minor Changes
-------------

> - Add support for PowerFlex ansible modules and roles on Azure.

Reviewer: Added support

Author: Done

- Added support for resource group provisioning to validate, deploy, edit, add nodes and delete a resource group.

> - The Info module is enhanced to list out all the firmware repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Info module is enhanced to list the firmware repositories.
```
